thank God sorry didn't mean to startle
you
let's try to be quiet you okay
tell punch Assad goes fucking me awake
can't sleep I just feel like someone's
creeping up on us and watching us I
think dr. gh knows where we are I don't
know I mean he warned me he said no
wouldn't be my final answer I just feel
like he's gonna keep coming after us and
asking me to join forces with him until
he forces me to say yes over my dead
body okay it's not funny to use that
phrase anymore Fang I can't stop
thinking about GM I mean he's clearly
experimenting on her which means he's
probably experimenting on everyone in
the facility and then she was involved I
saw him gathering subjects in the
first-aid tent it's so totally Nazi
scary I mean could you imagine an
accidental outbreak of one of his rare
viruses you could definitely do some
damage and that's just for starters you
know people are desperate their fan
belts say yes to anything as long as
they get a good meal at the end of it
lots of those kids are orphans you know
who's gonna miss them if something goes
wrong you think we should go back no
it's pathetic you know one day I'm like
Mother Teresa and the next time all
about me me me us I mean
the problem is I don't have the
slightest idea how to help those people
I mean this guy's an evil genius and all
the people who've dealt with in the past
they're just evil non geniuses I don't
know how to handle it
I mean this guy is so brilliant you
probably could take over the entire
world so do tell the CSM the president
the New York Times I don't know what
I've been thinking about it all week and
I just I can't think about it anymore
right now why did you come in here
anyway
checkup one you've been getting one
tighter every week yeah I guess I have I
just I feel like I don't know enough
about anything to figure this out right
now it'll come - for now just get some
sleep
I'll hang around so you're out of that
well the law
you